Update `add-vars.md` (#4332)
ukaea/PROCESS: documentation/source/development/add-vars.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Constraint equations are added to PROCESS in the `process/core/solver/constraints.py` file. They are registered with the `ConstraintManager` whenever the application is run. Each equation has a unique name that is currently an integer, however upgrades to the input file format in the future will allow arbitrary hashable constraint names. 
```

Reviewer: For the part about 'upgrades to the input file format...' - could this be useful to add/move to the top of this page? As these changes may also impact the other types of vars described in this page?

Reviewer: Slightly picky, but might be worth re-ordering this list to match the order they're listed in the ConstraintResult setup?

Also perhaps rewording the 'residuals' to match their names in ConstraintResult too - just 'residual' and 'normalised residual' (though can keep the 'error' if that is indeed more descriptive)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Constraint equations are added to PROCESS in the `process/core/solver/constraints.py` file. They are registered with the `ConstraintManager` whenever the application is run. Each equation has a unique name that is currently an integer, however upgrades to the input file format in the future will allow arbitrary hashable constraint names. 
```

# Guide for adding variables and constraints

A guide for how to add new inputs, constraints, figures of merit, and scan variables. 

**At all times ensure new variables and functions adhere to the [`PROCESS` style guide](../development/standards.md).**

All of these features rely on 'variables' which belong to a 'data structure'. All of the data structures can be found in `process/data_structure`.

In general, a variable within a data structure could act as an:

> - Input variable: is specified by the user in an `IN.DAT`/has a default value and is not changed once PROCESS is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Input variable: is specified by the user in an `IN.DAT` and its value is not changed once PROCESS is running.
```
And think adding a note (either in this list, or after it) to say something like 'already available input variables can be found in input.py - these will take their default values unless otherwise specified in the IN.DAT, and will remain unchanged during a PROCESS run'

- Iteration variable: is modified by the solver to try and optimise for some figure of merit.
- Scan variable: is sequentially modified by the `Scan` class to some `IN.DAT`-defined values.
- Intermediate variable: is calculated within a model and then used within other models.

> - Output variable: is calculated within a model and then written out the `MFILE.DAT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Output variable: is calculated within a model and then written out to the `MFILE.DAT`.
```

It is advised that a variable is either used to define a particular PROCESS run (input variable, iteration variable, or scan variable) or mutated within a PROCESS run (output variable or intermediate variable). Mixing the two classes of variable (e.g. having a variable that can be input but is also mutated within a model) will lead to confusing, dangerous, and incorrect results.

-----------------

## Add a new variable

> You may need to add a variable to PROCESS when changing or creating models. In most cases, you will want to add your variable to an existing data structure. Creating an entierly new data structure is beyond the scope of this guide, so please seek support from the PROCESS maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may need to add a variable to PROCESS when changing or creating models. In most cases, you will want to add your variable to an existing data structure. Creating an entirely new data structure is beyond the scope of this guide, so please seek support from the PROCESS maintainers.
```

For example, if you are adding a new variable that relates to the blanket model, you would add the variable to `process/data_structure/blanket_variables.py` as part of the `BlanketData` dataclass. 

```python
@dataclass(slots=True)
class BlanketData:
  <... existing variables ...>

  my_new_blanket_variable: float = 0.0

>   """my variable description"""

Reviewer 2: Would it be worth saying here to add the units in `[]` at the end?

```

This variable could then be used within a model

```python
self.data.blanket.my_new_blanket_variable = 1.0
...
another_variable = self.data.blanket.my_new_blanket_variable / 2.0
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Missing `------------` delimiter between sections

## Add a new input
Adding an input in PROCESS means that some variable in a data structure can be set from the `IN.DAT`. Inputs are defined in the `process/core/input.py` file in the `INPUT_VARIABLES` dictionary. Adding a new entry to this dictionary will create a new input.

Continuing with the example from the previous section:
```python

> INPUT_VARIABLES = {

Reviewer: Around here can you make a note about choices, ranges and array=True that people may need to know about

Author: Below I have written

> `InputVariable` has several additional fields to support validation and the parsing of arrays; please consult the dataclass for these additional arguments.

I think this should suffice as it tells people parsing an array variable is possible without having to explain all combinations of the options. Do you think any of these options should be documented here.

  ...

>   "my_new_blanket_variable": InputVariable("blanket", str),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "my_new_blanket_variable": InputVariable("blanket", float),
```

}
```

You would replace `"blanket"` with the name of the data structure your specific variable belongs to (found by looking at `DataStructure` in `process/core/model.py`).

Now, in the `IN.DAT`, you could set `my_new_blanket_variable` by writing:

```
my_new_blanket_variable = 1.0
```

-----------------

## Add an iteration variable

Adding an iteration variable allows the PROCESS solver to change the variable as part of the optimisation/solving loop. Iteration variables are defined in `process/core/solver/iteration_variables.py` in the `ITERATION_VARIABLES` dictionary. You would add a new entry to this dictionary to create a new iteration variable:

```python
ITERATION_VARIABLES = {
    123: IterationVariable("my_new_blanket_variable", "blanket", 0.1, 1.0),
}
```

In this example:

- `123` is the identifier of the iteration variable, and must be unique.
- `"blanket"` is the data structure the variable will be set on.
- `0.1` is the default lower bound of the variable.
- `1.0` is the default upper bound of the variable.

> You will often want to add a variable as an input if it is an iteration variable. That way, you can specify the initial value of the iteration variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will often want to add a variable to the input file if it is an iteration variable. That way, you can specify the initial value of the iteration variable.
```

Think this might be clearer, so as not to be confused with setting it as an InputVariable 

Also why might someone have an iteration variable they don't add to the input file? Would it just take a default initial value in this case? I think the 'you will often want to add ' might need rewording ?

The iteration variable can be enabled in the `IN.DAT` by:
```
ixc = 123

> my_new_blanket_variable = 0.5 * initial value (optional)

Reviewer: Would it help to specify here that `*` is a comment in the .DAT file, or is the user assumed to know this already? Or perhaps just removing this inline comment

```

-----------------

## Add a figure of merit

> A figure of merit is the scalar that the optimiser (e.g. VMCON) will try and minimise or maximise. The figures of merit are specified in `process/core/solver/objectives.py` in the `objective_function` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A figure of merit is the scalar that the optimiser (e.g. VMCON) will try and minimise or maximise. The figures of merit are specified in `process/core/solver/objectives.py` in the `objective_function()` function.
```
?

To add a new figure of merit, first create a new entry in the `FiguresOfMerit` enum in `process/data_structure/numerics.py`:

```python
class FiguresOfMerit(IntEnum):
    ...

>     BLANKET_FIGURE_MERIT = (20, "my FOM description")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    BLANKET_FIGURE_OF_MERIT = (20, "my FOM description")
```

```

> Here `20` will be the identifier of the figure of merit, and must be unique. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here `20` will be the identifier of the figure of merit, and **must** be unique. 
```

Finally, add the equation to `process/core/solver/objectives.py`:
```python

> elif figure_of_merit == FiguresOfMerit.BLANKET_FIGURE_MERIT:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
elif figure_of_merit == FiguresOfMerit.BLANKET_FIGURE_OF_MERIT:
```

>   objective_metric = data.blanket.my_new_blanket_variable / 10.0

Reviewer: The /10 is maybe a tad confusing - perhaps it could just be a note instead?

Also might be good to have some comments added within `objective_function()` to explain why some are being divided?

```

Here the `10.0` is optional, but highlights that you will want to scale the figure of merit to be of order unity.

The figure of merit can be selected in the `IN.DAT`:
```
minmax = 20
```
Remember, setting `minmax = -20` would minimise instead of maximise our new variable.

-----------

## Add a scan variable

> After following the instruction to add an input variable, you can make then create a scan variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After following the instruction to add an input variable, you can then make a scan variable.
```

First, add the variable to the `ScanVariables` enum in `process/core/scan.py`. 
```python
class ScanVariables(Enum):
    ...
    blanket_scan_variable = ScanVariable(
        "my_new_blanket_variable", "A blanket variable", 82
    )
```
Here, `82` is the identifier of the scan variable and must be unique. 

Next, increment the parameter `IPNSCNV` in `process/data_structure/scan_variables.py` and be sure to add a description of the scan variable in the docstring of the `nsweep` variable.

> Finally, in `process/core/scan.py`, add the scan variable to the `Scan.scan_select` method.

Reviewer: Might be fine, but would you say '`Scan.scan_select` method' or just '`scan_select` method'/'`scan_select()` method' ?

```python
match nwp:
  ...
  case 82:
    self.data.tfcoil.my_new_blanket_variable = swp[iscn - 1]
```

> Please see the scan documentation for how to setup a scan `IN.DAT`

Reviewer: Think it'd be good to add a link to the scan page here

# Guide for adding variables and constraints

A guide for how to add new inputs, constraints, figures of merit, and scan variables. 

**At all times ensure new variables and functions adhere to the [`PROCESS` style guide](../development/standards.md).**

All of these features rely on 'variables' which belong to a 'data structure'. All of the data structures can be found in `process/data_structure`.

In general, a variable within a data structure could act as an:

- Input variable: is specified by the user in an `IN.DAT` and its value is not changed once PROCESS is running.
- Iteration variable: is modified by the solver to try and optimise for some figure of merit.
- Scan variable: is sequentially modified by the `Scan` class to some `IN.DAT`-defined values.
- Intermediate variable: is calculated within a model and then used within other models.

> - Output variable: is calculated within a model and then written out to the `MFILE.DAT`.

Reviewer: and OUT.DAT ? Or is just mfile enough to specify?

-----------------

## Add a new variable
You may need to add a variable to PROCESS when changing or creating models. In most cases, you will want to add your variable to an existing data structure. Creating an entirely new data structure is beyond the scope of this guide, so please seek support from the PROCESS maintainers.

For example, if you are adding a new variable that relates to the blanket model, you would add the variable to `process/data_structure/blanket_variables.py` as part of the `BlanketData` dataclass. 

```python
@dataclass(slots=True)
class BlanketData:
  <... existing variables ...>

  my_new_blanket_variable: float = 0.0
  """my variable description [m]"""
```

Here, `[m]` is the units and should be replaced with the appropriate units for the variable being added.

This variable could then be used within a model

> ```python

Reviewer: Do we need to explain the self.data.blanket here or is that beyond the scope of this page?

Author: I would suggest out of scope

Reviewer: make sense

self.data.blanket.my_new_blanket_variable = 1.0
...
another_variable = self.data.blanket.my_new_blanket_variable / 2.0
```

-----------------

## Add a new input
Adding an input in PROCESS means that some variable in a data structure can be set from the `IN.DAT`. Inputs are defined in the `process/core/input.py` file in the `INPUT_VARIABLES` dictionary. Adding a new entry to this dictionary will create a new input.

Continuing with the example from the previous section:
```python
INPUT_VARIABLES = {
  ...
  "my_new_blanket_variable": InputVariable("blanket", float),
}
```

> `InputVariable` has several additional fields to support validation and the parsing of arrays, please consult the dataclass for these additional arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`InputVariable` has several additional fields to support validation and the parsing of arrays; please consult the dataclass for these additional arguments.
```

You would replace `"blanket"` with the name of the data structure your specific variable belongs to (found by looking at `DataStructure` in `process/core/model.py`).

> Now, in the `IN.DAT`, you could set `my_new_blanket_variable` by writing:

Reviewer: Is 'could' correct here? Or is it a requirement to specify an input var in the IN.DAT ?

Author: Its not required if you dont want to input anything (in which case the value is its default)

> Now, in the `IN.DAT`, you could set `my_new_blanket_variable` by writing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, in the `IN.DAT`, you could set an initial value for `my_new_blanket_variable` by writing:
```
Might be clearer?

```
my_new_blanket_variable = 1.0
```

> -----------------

Reviewer: Do we need a bit here about how the value of an input variable is unchanged throughout a run ?

Author: This point is made at least twice in the document, I think that should be enough

Reviewer: Just read through the whole page again and this point isn't made until the 'add an iteration variable' section - I think it'd be better to include it in the 'add an input ' section and then can shorten or delete the sentence in the iteration variable section

Author: At the top of the page:

> It is advised that a variable is either used to define a particular PROCESS run (input variable, iteration variable, or scan variable) or mutated within a PROCESS run (output variable or intermediate variable). Mixing the two classes of variable (e.g. having a variable that can be input but is also mutated within a model) will lead to confusing, dangerous, and incorrect results.

## Add an iteration variable

Adding an iteration variable allows the PROCESS solver to change the variable as part of the optimisation/solving loop. Iteration variables are defined in `process/core/solver/iteration_variables.py` in the `ITERATION_VARIABLES` dictionary. You would add a new entry to this dictionary to create a new iteration variable:

```python
ITERATION_VARIABLES = {
    123: IterationVariable("my_new_blanket_variable", "blanket", 0.1, 1.0),
}
```

In this example:

- `123` is the identifier of the iteration variable, and must be unique.
- `"blanket"` is the data structure the variable will be set on.
- `0.1` is the default lower bound of the variable.
- `1.0` is the default upper bound of the variable.

> You will often want to [add a variable as an input](#add-a-new-input) if it is an iteration variable. That way, you can specify the initial value of the iteration variable in the `IN.DAT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will often want to [add a variable to the input file](#add-a-new-input) if it is an iteration variable. That way, you can specify the initial value of the iteration variable in the `IN.DAT`.
```

Also plz can you specify here that iteration variables in the input file are exception to the rule that input vars do not vary ?

The iteration variable can be enabled in the `IN.DAT` by:
```
ixc = 123

my_new_blanket_variable = 0.5
```

> Note you can omit the `my_new_blanket_variable = 0.5` line and the initial value would just be whatever the variables default value is (`0.0` in this example, this is the default we assigned [earlier](#add-a-new-variable)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note you can omit the line specifying the initial value for an iteration variable, and then the initial value would just be whatever that variable's default value is: in this example we could omit the `my_new_blanket_variable = 0.5` line, and `my_new_blanket_variable` would take its initial value as the default of `0.0` that we assigned [earlier](#add-a-new-variable).
```
Might be clearer to say generally then give the example?

-----------------

## Add a figure of merit

A figure of merit is the scalar that the optimiser (e.g. VMCON) will try and minimise or maximise. The figures of merit are specified in `process/core/solver/objectives.py` in the `objective_function()` function.

To add a new figure of merit, first create a new entry in the `FiguresOfMerit` enum in `process/data_structure/numerics.py`:

```python
class FiguresOfMerit(IntEnum):
    ...
    BLANKET_FIGURE_OF_MERIT = (20, "my FOM description")
```
Here `20` will be the identifier of the figure of merit, and **must** be unique. 

Finally, add the equation to `process/core/solver/objectives.py`:
```python
elif figure_of_merit == FiguresOfMerit.BLANKET_FIGURE_OF_MERIT:
  objective_metric = data.blanket.my_new_blanket_variable
```

> Note that you will want to scale the `objective_metric` such that it is on the order unity if the variable is not already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you will want to scale the `objective_metric` such that it is of the order unity if the variable is not already.
```

> Note that you will want to scale the `objective_metric` such that it is on the order unity if the variable is not already.

Reviewer: Can you add a brief explanation here about why you want to scale it please

The figure of merit can be selected in the `IN.DAT`:
```
minmax = 20
```

> Remember, setting `minmax = -20` would minimise instead of maximise our new variable.

Reviewer 2: Would be good the specify here that this is the case as it is the value of the second derivative?

-----------------

## Add a scan variable

> After following the instruction to add an input variable, you can then make a scan variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After following the instructions to add an input variable, you can then make a scan variable.
```

First, add the variable to the `ScanVariables` enum in `process/core/scan.py`. 
```python
class ScanVariables(Enum):
    ...
    blanket_scan_variable = ScanVariable(
        "my_new_blanket_variable", "A blanket variable", 82
    )
```
Here, `82` is the identifier of the scan variable and must be unique. 

Next, increment the parameter `IPNSCNV` in `process/data_structure/scan_variables.py` and be sure to add a description of the scan variable in the docstring of the `nsweep` variable.

Finally, in `process/core/scan.py`, add the scan variable to the `Scan.scan_select()` method.
```python
match nwp:
  ...
  case 82:
    self.data.tfcoil.my_new_blanket_variable = swp[iscn - 1]
```

> Please see the [scan documentation](../usage/running-process.md#running-process) for how to setup a scan `IN.DAT`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the [scan documentation](../io/input-guide.md#input-guide) for how to set up a scan `IN.DAT`
```

I think linking to the ../io/input-guide.md would be better here as it contains information on setting up scan IN.DATs, whereas running-process only contains a brief sentence about the existence of the scan (and a broken link in that page!). Hopefully my suggested change works okay!

-----------------

## Add a constraint equation

> Constraint equations are added to PROCESS in the `process/core/solver/constraints.py` file. They are registered with the `ConstraintManager` whenever the application is run. Each equation has a unique name that is currently an integer, however upgrades to the input file format in the future will allow arbitrary hashable constraint names.

Reviewer: Will updates to the input file format mean changes for more things in this page other than just constraints? If so, probably worth a general note at the start of this page? Might not though, just thought I'd ask!

Author: Tbh that information is probably not necessary and I will remove it

This variable could then be used within a model

```python
self.data.blanket.my_new_blanket_variable = 1.0
...
another_variable = self.data.blanket.my_new_blanket_variable / 2.0
```

-----------------

## Add a new input
Adding an input in PROCESS means that some variable in a data structure can be set from the `IN.DAT`. Inputs are defined in the `process/core/input.py` file in the `INPUT_VARIABLES` dictionary. Adding a new entry to this dictionary will create a new input.

Continuing with the example from the previous section:
```python
INPUT_VARIABLES = {
  ...
  "my_new_blanket_variable": InputVariable("blanket", float),
}
```

`InputVariable` has several additional fields to support validation and the parsing of arrays; please consult the dataclass for these additional arguments.

You would replace `"blanket"` with the name of the data structure your specific variable belongs to (found by looking at `DataStructure` in `process/core/model.py`).

Now, in the `IN.DAT`, you could set an initial value for `my_new_blanket_variable` by writing:

```
my_new_blanket_variable = 1.0
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note you can omit the line specifying the initial value for an input variable, and then the initial value would just be whatever that variable's default value is: in this example we could omit the `my_new_blanket_variable = 1.0` line, and `my_new_blanket_variable` would take its initial value as the default of `0.0` that we assigned [earlier](#add-a-new-variable).

```

```python
ITERATION_VARIABLES = {
    123: IterationVariable("my_new_blanket_variable", "blanket", 0.1, 1.0),
}
```

In this example:

- `123` is the identifier of the iteration variable, and must be unique.
- `"blanket"` is the data structure the variable will be set on.
- `0.1` is the default lower bound of the variable.
- `1.0` is the default upper bound of the variable.

You will often want to [add a variable to the input file](#add-a-new-input) if it is an iteration variable. That way, you can specify the initial value of the iteration variable in the `IN.DAT`.

!!! note
    Iteration variables are the exception to the best-practice of not allowing inputs to be mutated. The solver will obviously need to modify iteration variables away from their default value, however it remains true that _models_ should not mutate inputs. Furthermore, models should not change the values of iteration variables set by the solver.

The iteration variable can be enabled in the `IN.DAT` by:
```
ixc = 123

my_new_blanket_variable = 0.5
```

> Note you can omit the line specifying the initial value for an iteration variable, and then the initial value would just be whatever that variable's default value is: in this example we could omit the `my_new_blanket_variable = 0.5` line, and `my_new_blanket_variable` would take its initial value as the default of `0.0` that we assigned [earlier](#add-a-new-variable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Again, note that omitting the line specifying the initial value for an iteration variable means the initial value would be set to that variable's default value.
```

This sentence could instead be deleted, but suggested a change in line with my other here in case you want to keep it, idm either way!

  ...
  case 82:
    self.data.tfcoil.my_new_blanket_variable = swp[iscn - 1]
```

Please see the [scan documentation](../io/input-guide.md#input-guide) for how to set up a scan `IN.DAT`

-----------------

## Add a constraint equation

Constraint equations are added to PROCESS in the `process/core/solver/constraints.py` file. They are registered with the `ConstraintManager` whenever the application is run. Each equation has a unique name that is currently an integer.

A constraint is simply added by registering the constraint to the manager using a decorator.

```python
@ConstraintManager.register_constraint(1234, "m", "=")
def my_constraint_function(constraint_registration): ...
```

The arguments to the `register_constraint()` function are:

- Name (again, currently an integer): in the example above it is `1234`
- Unit (for output reporting purposes): in the example above it is `m`
- Symbol (e.g. `=`, `>=`, `<=`. Again, for output reporting purposes): in the example above it is `=`

`my_constraint_function()` should be named appropriately and return a `ConstraintResult` which contains the:

- Constraint residual
- Normalised residual
- Constraint value
- Constraint bound

> The recommended way to do this is using one of the functions `geq`, `leq`, or `eq` depending on whether the constraint is desired to be $v\geq b$, $v\leq b$, or $v=b$, respectively, where $v$ is the value (something that PROCESS calculates) and $b$ is the bound (the limit set by the user in the `IN.DAT`).

Reviewer: Does this page need to say how a user can set bounds in the IN.DAT ?

Author: I believe that is done elsewhere in our docs. It is beyond the scope of this page regardless

This variable could then be used within a model

```python
self.data.blanket.my_new_blanket_variable = 1.0
...
another_variable = self.data.blanket.my_new_blanket_variable / 2.0
```

-----------------

## Add a new input
Adding an input in PROCESS means that some variable in a data structure can be set from the `IN.DAT`. Inputs are defined in the `process/core/input.py` file in the `INPUT_VARIABLES` dictionary. Adding a new entry to this dictionary will create a new input.

Continuing with the example from the previous section:
```python
INPUT_VARIABLES = {
  ...
  "my_new_blanket_variable": InputVariable("blanket", float),
}
```

`InputVariable` has several additional fields to support validation and the parsing of arrays; please consult the dataclass for these additional arguments.

You would replace `"blanket"` with the name of the data structure your specific variable belongs to (found by looking at `DataStructure` in `process/core/model.py`).

Now, in the `IN.DAT`, you could set an initial value for `my_new_blanket_variable` by writing:

```
my_new_blanket_variable = 1.0
```

> Equally, you could choose not to specify the variable in the `IN.DAT` and the value would be intialised to its default value (`0.0` in this example, as we specified [earlier](#add-a-new-variable)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Equally, you could choose not to specify the variable in the `IN.DAT` and the value would be initialised to its default value (`0.0` in this example, as we specified [earlier](#add-a-new-variable)).
```

> - Name (again, currently an integer)

Reviewer: Might be worth linking this to the example (like in the 'Add an interation variable section'), e.g. saying that the 'Name' here is 1234 etc ?

- Name (again, currently an integer)
- Unit (for output reporting purposes)
- Symbol (e.g. `=`, `>=`, `<=`. Again, for output reporting purposes)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The arguments to the `register_constraint()` function are:

- Name (again, currently an integer): in the example above it is `1234`
- Unit (for output reporting purposes): in the example above it is `m`
- Symbol (e.g. `=`, `>=`, `<=`. Again, for output reporting purposes): in the example above it is `=`
- 

```
Think this is good to link to the example to be extra clear

> `my_constraint_function` should be named appropriately and return a `ConstraintResult` which contains the:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`my_constraint_function()` should be named appropriately and return a `ConstraintResult` which contains the:
```

- Constraint residual
- Normalised residual
- Constraint value
- Constraint bound

> The recommended way to do this is using one of the functions `geq`, `leq`, or `eq` depending on whether the constraint is desired to be $v\geq b$, $v\leq b$, or $v=b$, respectively.

Reviewer: Should it say what v and b are here?

- Name (again, currently an integer)
- Unit (for output reporting purposes)

> - Symbol (e.g. `=`, `>=`, `<=`. Again, for output reporting purposes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
think github might've messed up my suggestion ! not sure why it added it instead of overwriting !

```python
@ConstraintManager.register_constraint(1234, "m", "=")
def my_constraint_function(constraint_registration):

>     return geq(value, bound, constraint_registration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return eq(value, bound, constraint_registration)
```
